 Damn you, vile woman! Youve impeded my work since the day I escaped from your wretched womb.
 Hello, Mother.
 Well, hi, there, sweetie!
 You know, Mother, life is like a box of chocolates  You never know what youre going to get. Your life, however, is more like a box of active grenades!
 Now, I offer you one last chance for deliverance
 Oh, you just want your toy back. OK, here you go, honey. Lois places the mindcontrol device on top of the box of grenades
 Yes, well, victory is mine! Stewie runs out of the kitchen carrying the grenades and the mindcontrol device; a moment later, the grenades detonate
 playing with his Sesame Street phone Put me through to the Pentagon!
 Dont toy with me, Ernie! Ive already dispatched with Mr. Hooper, Ive got six armed men stationed outside Big Birds nest, and as for Linda... well its rather difficult for a deaf woman to hear an assassin approach, now, isnt it?
 Hoho, indeed I can! pulls out a laser gun and shoots the phone with each number ONE! TWO! THREE! Can I count to three? For Gods sake, Im already shooting at a fifthgrade level.Lois tries to feed Stewie his broccoli "airplane style."
 Damn the broccoli, damn you, and damn the Wright Brothers!
 My, arent we fussy tonight? OK. No broccoli.
 Very well then. ILois shoves the broccoli into his mouth. Stewie spits it out. Who the hell do you think you are?
 Honey, its not gonna go away just because you dont like it.
 Well then, my goal becomes clear
 in his diary Day 171. Ive sprouted another finger. Counting the one from yesterday, looks at his penis, Im up to 11.
 after losing his Cheesy Charlies reservation Chris, this is a big day for you. Today you become the man of the house, because when we get home, your mother is going to kill me.
 Damn you, woman, awake from your damnable reverie!
 sighs Honey, Im doing the dishes.
 sarcastically Oh, well, a thousand pardons for disrupting your flatware sanitation ritual, but, you see, Im in searing pain! points to his mouth
 Oh, youre just teething, Stewie, its a normal part of a babys life.
 Very well then. I order you to kill me at once!
 Oh honey, I know youre hurting, but Mommy has to clean up the house, all right?
 No, its not all right! For the love of God, shake me, shake me like a British Nanny!
 I cant even watch TV anymore. All the shows are starting to run together.
 Gosh, Id like to help you, Peter, but uh, Ive gotta go out in the hall and chew on the back of my ass for about five minutes.
 So, do you like music?
 Uh, you first.
 Look, Chris. Its a whole family of wasps.
 Canada sucks! Peter has a flashback of when he was on Jeopardy!
 rings in Diarrhea. the crowd laughs What? Oh. Oh. Oh. Sorry. Sorry. What is diarrhea? after seeing the news about the heat wave
 about Diane I think I saw one of her nipples!
 Chris, thats a terrible word! sarcastically "Nipple". Ill chalk that up to the heat, mister.
 Brian, teach me how to be a gentleman.
 Well, Peter, its not really that hard. Lets start with a polite conversation. For example, its a pleasure to see you again. Lovely weather were having. Now you try.
 Its a pleasure to see you again. After Hogans Heroes, Bob Crane got his skull crushed in by a friend who videotaped him having rough sex. Hows that?
 Wow. Perfect. My work is done. But just for the heck of it, lets try it again.
 We only live to kiss your ass
 From here on in its easy street
 Any bars on that street?
 Oh, boy!
 Well stop Jehovahs at the gate one man comes up to the gates
 My God, this house is freakin sweet!
 returns home Lois, put the coffee on!
 Careful! I just cleaned the floor.
 Good thing. Huh? laughs
 Your Holiness, this is such an honor! Please, go into the living room, and make yourself at home!
 Nooooo! runs over to Trix rabbit and smacks Trix out of hand Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids. Damn longears trying to take Easter away from Jesus! to Chicken Man Im sorry, what were you saying?
 Randy Newman?
 Well, its nice to have music while we eat.
 whispers Lets get the hell out of here.
 Oh, just die already.
 EWW! Mom! Stewie peed on the rug again!
 NO!
 Why dont you teach it to the Chinese girl? Or perhaps she can learn after her people invade your country.
 Oh, try and stop them. And try and stop Pablos people from using drug money to buy arms from Lis countrymen who will in turn sell them to Yuris people so they can ethnically cleanse the rest of this nauseatingly diverse grab bag of genetic party favors you call a family. So now you understand, yes? You all hate each other.
 Oh, you people can kiss the fattest part of my ass!
 Who are you?
 points at Chris He is.
 Peter, youve never done a creative thing in your life.
 Thats not true. I wrote The Bonfire of the Vanities.
 No, you didnt.
 You win this round, Lois.
 Youre not being creative. Youre just destroying a wonderful show.
 Hey, hey. I have more creativity in my whole body than most people do before 9
 The only thing you create before 9
 I think my work will speak for itself. walks out of room and comes back a few seconds later laughs I just got that. A poop joke? Thats real creative, Lois.
 to Peter Youre the worst thing to happen to musical theater since Andrew Lloyd Webber.
 Ugh, typical male fantasy... women drinkin beer. I guarantee you a man made that commercial.
 Of course a man made it. Its a commercial, Lois. Not a delicious Thanksgiving dinner.
 Theres gotta be an explanation for all this!
 You want an explanation? smacks Peter GOD... IS...PISSED!
 Ill handle it, Lois. I read a book about this sort of thing once.
 Are you sure it was a book? Are you sure it wasnt nothing?
 ...Oh yeah.
 Well continue this discussion tonight, young man. A woman is not an object.
 Your mothers right, son. Listen to what it says.
 Peter!
 I didnt say that. Lee Majors did.
 Peter, you can take off your blindfold now, were almost there.
 Not yet, I dont wanna ruin my birthday surprise.
 Then at least let me drive!
 Lois, you know its illegal for women to drive. cat screeches A woman driving... he is now driving through oncoming traffic laughs thats adorable.
 making a birthday wish Id sell my soul to be famous.
 Chris, are you gonna take that from a fisherman?
 lividly NO WAY!!
 What the hell is this? I said egg whites only! Are you trying to give me a bloody heart attack?!? hurls his plate against a wall Make it again!
 Ah, the breakfast thing. Yes. It wasnt even about the eggs, really. Frankly, I like the yolks. I do. I have no problem. Its just, theres always been a lot of tension between Lois and me. And its not so much that I want to kill her. Its just I want her not to be alive anymore. I sometimes wonder if all women are this difficult, and then I think to myself
 Arent you a little old to be wearing braces? man covers mouth, embarrassed
 Hello, operator? Hello? Oh God, thats right, you have to punch in the numbers nowadays. I should know this...oh, yes, 8675309, thats it. No wait, thats not it. Damn you, Tommy Tutone! sighs Only one thing to do. dials number 1111111. Lois? Damn! dials again 1111112. Lois? DAMN! dials again 1111113.
 Now dont try and pawn this off on your sister, shes a good girl.
 Oh yeah? What about the time she strangled my other sister?
 nervously Chris, honey, we told you, that was just a bad dream.
 But I remember it so clear
 eating an apple Well, well, well. Looks like someones in love.
 HA! Thats so funny I forgot to laugh...excluding that first "HA."
 Uhhuh. Face it, youre a sucker for a woman with blue eyes.
 AHA! Her eyes are GREEN!
 AHA! Thank you for proving my point.
 DAMN!
 No, no, actually its Stewie, but...well, well, you can call me "Cookie" if you like. chuckles nervously Yes, I, yes, yes, Ive also been known to answer to "Artemis," "Agent Buckwald," and "Snake." Yes, yes, II rather like "Snake." Snake Griffin... wiggles his tongue like a snake
 Lois has had the car all week, and its just been hell getting around. I actually had to rent a mustang.
 What are you gonna make me do? Whack a guy? Off a guy? Whack off a guy? Cause Im married.
 My God, its finally happened. Hes become so massive hes collapsed into himself like a neutron star.
 Wow, Chris, did you lose weight?
 Um, maybe. IIve been working out.
 Well, you look wicked skinny. Im, like, jealous!
 Thanks, Meg. Im jealous of your mustache.
 I dont have a mustache...do I?
 Oh, honey, its fine. It makes you look distinguished.
 But, Mom!
 Now, Meg, I think all my children are beautiful.
 Damn you ice cream! Come to my mouth. How...dare you disobey me? a passing baby in a stroller waves at him What are you looking at you...you infantile...stupid? Thats right, damn you and such. You can yawns go burn in hell... falls asleep
 Chris, is that a note?
 No.
 Yes it is. Would you like to read it for the rest of the class?
 ...No!
 Just read it, lardo.
 reading the note I think Mrs. Griffin is hot.
 Go to your room.
 Dad, I tried to go to school, but this guy wont let me.
 Oh yeah? Him and what army?
 The U.S. Army. points to tanks and soldiers on the other side of the fence
 Oh, thats a good army.
 Oh, I havent been on a college campus in years. Everything seems so different.
 Really? Perhaps if you laid on your back with your ankles behind your ears, that would ring a few bells?
 Mayor West, youve been talking for an hour and I dont have anything I can use in my article. Can you just please...
 It just went down the drain.
 You spent public money investigating this? Thanks. You know, I think I have my story. leaves
 Youre drunk again!
 No, Im just exhausted cause Ive been up all night drinking.
 Oh, my God! You can only play the piano when youre drunk!
 Thats not true! I can also vomit, fall down and make dirty calls to your sister when Im drunk!
 The only tent Im pitching this weekend is...well, you see where Im going with this. Oh!
 Old enough to know youre a whore.
 Hello, operator? Hello? Oh God, thats right, you have to punch in the numbers nowadays. I should know this...oh, yes, 8675309, thats it. No wait, thats not it. Damn you, Tommy Tutone! sighs Only one thing to do. dials number 1111111. Lois? Damn! dials again 1111112. Lois? DAMN! dials again 1111113.
 Now dont try and pawn this off on your sister, shes a good girl.
 Oh yeah? What about the time she strangled my other sister?
 nervously Chris, honey, we told you, that was just a bad dream.
 But I remember it so clear
 eating an apple Well, well, well. Looks like someones in love.
 HA! Thats so funny I forgot to laugh...excluding that first "HA."
 Uhhuh. Face it, youre a sucker for a woman with blue eyes.
 AHA! Her eyes are GREEN!
 AHA! Thank you for proving my point.
 DAMN!
 No, no, actually its Stewie, but...well, well, you can call me "Cookie" if you like. chuckles nervously Yes, I, yes, yes, Ive also been known to answer to "Artemis," "Agent Buckwald," and "Snake." Yes, yes, II rather like "Snake." Snake Griffin... wiggles his tongue like a snake
 Lois has had the car all week, and its just been hell getting around. I actually had to rent a mustang.
 What are you gonna make me do? Whack a guy? Off a guy? Whack off a guy? Cause Im married.
 My God, its finally happened. Hes become so massive hes collapsed into himself like a neutron star.
 Wow, Chris, did you lose weight?
 Um, maybe. IIve been working out.
 Well, you look wicked skinny. Im, like, jealous!
 Thanks, Meg. Im jealous of your mustache.
 I dont have a mustache...do I?
 Oh, honey, its fine. It makes you look distinguished.
 But, Mom!
 Now, Meg, I think all my children are beautiful.
 Damn you ice cream! Come to my mouth. How...dare you disobey me? a passing baby in a stroller waves at him What are you looking at you...you infantile...stupid? Thats right, damn you and such. You can yawns go burn in hell... falls asleep
 Chris, is that a note?
 No.
 Yes it is. Would you like to read it for the rest of the class?
 ...No!
 Just read it, lardo.
 reading the note I think Mrs. Griffin is hot.
 Go to your room.
 Dad, I tried to go to school, but this guy wont let me.
 Oh yeah? Him and what army?
 The U.S. Army. points to tanks and soldiers on the other side of the fence
 Oh, thats a good army.
 Oh, I havent been on a college campus in years. Everything seems so different.
 Really? Perhaps if you laid on your back with your ankles behind your ears, that would ring a few bells?
 Mayor West, youve been talking for an hour and I dont have anything I can use in my article. Can you just please...
 It just went down the drain.
 You spent public money investigating this? Thanks. You know, I think I have my story. leaves
 A degenerate, am I? Well, you are a festisio! See? I can make up words too, sister.
 Hey, yknow what might be a thrill for you guys?
 Ooh! Ooh! Eating a pebble!
 hypnotized Im going to sit here and enjoy it. And I like pudding. And Ghost Dad was the best movie Ive seen since Leonard Part 6.
 Those bastards turned a whole generation of Americans into smokers with their damn subliminal advertising.
 Hey, since I became President, profits have been higher than Alyssa Milano. laughs
 to lesbians So, you ladies ever been penetrated?
 Thank you!
 Gosh, everybodys so nice here. I mean, yknow, I mean, theyre gonna be disappointed when they find out Im not gay, but, wow!
 after seeing Chris penis Oh, my! Well, no wonder hes always slouching.
 How the hell did this happen? Im supposed to be the man of the house. You must be so ashamed of me.
 Oh, Peter, I care as much about the size of your penis as you care about the size of my breasts.
 OH, MY GOD! runs away
 Well, Im sure as Hell not going in the back door!
 Hey honey, why dont you turn around and show me the Lower East side?
 WHOA! Transvestite! Back off! Wait a sec, preop or postop?
 WHOA! Transvestite! Back off! to the others Youre right. This place blows.
 You just hit me!
 Thats right!
 You cant hit me, Im a girl!
 Sometimes I wonder.
 I just wanna kill myself! Im going upstairs right now and eat a whole bowl of peanuts! blank stares from Peter and Lois Im allergic to peanuts! more blank stares You dont know anything about me! runs upstairs
 Who was that guy?
 Peter, calm down. Everythings gonna be fine.
 I hope so, cause if I blow this, Im gonna haft go back to my old job at the Electric Company.
 Peter, did you read the fine print on this loan contract?
 Um... if by "read" you mean "imagined a naked lady", then yes.
 The port is quite good.
 Yes, quite good.
 Indeed.
 Most certainly.
 What year is it?
 Ah.
 Delectable.
 Indeed.
 Yes.
 catches fire Oh, dear!
 What is it?
 It appears Ive spontaneously combusted.
 Oh, I am sorry.
 Oh, its quite all right. Ive grown tired of living.
 Ah, very good then.
 For the best.
 Indeed.
 Oh, is it raining again?
 after Carol has given birth Oh, my God!
 What? What?!
 holds a crying baby Its a beautiful baby girl.
 But she has a penis. Well, well have to do somethin about that. grabs a scalpel
 takes the scalpel Peter, no! Its a boy!
 after Peter heads for the bathroom Come back here this instant, you fat bastard, and DO HER!!
 at the police station, where the convicts are held Hi, uh, excuse me, you guys. Yeah, Im here to pick up my son, Chris Griffin. Uh, hes here to finger the guy who held up that convenience store. Mmaybe youve seen him, his name is Chris Griffin. Oh, wait a second, yknow, I think I got a picture of him, somewhere...hhere you go. gives the picture to the one who robbed the store Yeah, you can go ahead and hang on to that, I got a ton of em at home. In fact, I was gonna throw that one out anyway cause Chris messed it up by writing his school schedule and a list of his fears all over the back of it.
 This is our house?
 Oh, come on, Meg. I bet if we fixed it up a little bit, it could be a piece of crap.
 Oh, my God!
 Oh, no, hes just awkwardly positioning himself... shocked Now hes violating Seabreeze.
 I love chocolate! But I cant eat it, because then Ill get fat. But its SO good!
 What the hell does "rant" mean?
 Hey Chris, what are you doing?
 Just layin back in the cot, peepin at this here homie. Yo pops, get me some cheddar. Some playerhater be throwin salt in my game and grillin me over my gear, and I needs to be mackin style.
 Well, uh... the important thing is you tried, son.
 Mr. Tucker, I have just become handicapped like Joe Swanson. And I demand commercial endorsements and a TV movie based on me starring Valerie Bertinerni.
 Ahah. extracts tape I even got the first piece youre gonna run
 on tape Oh, no! A car going too fast to stop in time! AIEEEEE!!!
 Im handicapped now!
 Oh, come on!
 Well, theres your hook!
 Brian, youre not wearing the sweater I made you.
 Uh, wwell, its a little warm in here...
 "Don we now our gay apparel."
 puts his sweater on Doesnt get much gayer than this.
 Hey, why dont you take Joe along?
 Yeah, Lois. Thatll be about as much fun as a lecture on ontological empiricism.
 What?
 What?
 laughs Rump.
 This isnt funny, Chris! laughs Swallow.
 Damn it all!
 Sorry! Sorry.
 Look, theres nothin I can do. All right?
 jumps out of his seat Look, its an endangered species! What am I supposed to do?
 Oh, good comeback, Potsie!
 Look, everybody just shut up! Shut up! He has stopped squawking! Hes receded into my beard! We can all watch the movie! Shut up!
 Lois, Im scared. drops his hot dog Oh, Ill get that. reaches under the table
 Oh! Oh! Oh God, oh, Dave, sorry! Oh, oh, God!
 Boobies.
 Chris, thats enough! Well, Im sure glad to be out of there!
 You said it, Lois. What those people are doing just aint natural.
 Boobies.
 Did you hear me, young man?
 Boobies!
 Peter?
 Did you have fun at the circus today, Chris?
 Look at that handsome man.
 You son of a bitch! punches the mirror
 Oh, we met on the Internet.
 Shut up!
 Yes, he lured me down to the park with promises of candy and funny stories.
 comes across a smoking Mother Maggie Oh, Mother Maggie, thank God! Somethings terribly wrong!
 Wha Why, thats not your voice. Your voice is lyrical, like the gentle strum of a lute!
 Its a fake. Its not real.
 I thought itd be best for you to find out on your own, kid.
 I feel like such a fool. Dont even look at me!
 Hey, come on. You wan get some ice cream? Thatd make ya feel better. Right? Stewie shakes his head no You wanna get some McDonalds? Stewie shakes his head no again You wan take a dump in Mother Maggies shoes? Stewie nods his head yes Okay. Lets go take a dump in Mother Maggies shoes.
 Well, we promised Lois wed use our powers responsibly, but I suppose doing the exact opposite couldnt hurt.
 Lois, no one really needs glasses.
 You wear glasses.
 Thats only to fool the man from the draft board.
 Wait a second. Rosenblatt? Greenstein? So youre saying I need a Jewish guy to handle my money?
 Well, yeah, I guess not the retarded ones, butbut why would you even say that? For shock value? Jeez, Cleveland, theres "edgy" and theres "offensive." Good day, sir!
 Everybody, Ive got bad news. Weve been cancelled.
 Oh, no! Peter, how could they do that?
 Well, unfortunately, Lois, theres just no more room on the schedule. Weve just got to accept the fact that Fox has to make room for te
 Is there no hope?
 Well, I suppose if all those shows go down the tubes, we might have a shot.
 Good morning, Mrs. Lockhart.
 Two Ds and an F.
 No, wait a minute! I cant call the police! I have to get rid of this body, or Chrisll go to prison! And we all know what happens in tho
 sees Brutus Peter, what the hell is that?
 Ah, this is my seeing eye dog, Brutus.
 What do you need a seeing eye dog for?
 Well, cause I cant do anything for myself, Brian. I cant drive, I dont know when to cross the street, and I took a dump in a church
 Uh, hi, uh, sorry. I know youve got a meeting going on, but, um...so, we are officially running low on Mr. Pibb and CheezIts. So, um,
 Oh, please tell me this is some kind of practical joke. Likelike the kind I used to play when I was an intern at the hospital.
 Im afraid I have some very bad news, your wifes going to be a vegetable. Youll have to bathe her, feed her, and care for her the rest
 laughs No no no, Im just kidding. Shes dead.
 Hey, you gotta start somewhere, fellas. Thats how you evolve. Like when the tin man found out he was gay.
 Your wifes cheatin on ya.
 What?!
 Yeah. Its actually a pretty funny story. A true story. Brian and I walked into your house, and she was with some guy goin
 Uh, Peter...
 Hang on. Im not done. "Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!" And then, shes all... imitates Loretta "Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!" "Bam! Bam! Bam!" You wanna
 So, thats what were dealin with here. Any thoughts?
 All right, Cleveland. If this doesnt light a fire in your belly, nothin will.
 Hey! Look at me! Im Quagmire. I had sex with your wife. Giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity!
 Those are so his mannerisms. laughs
 Peter, what the hell are you doing?
 Im not Peter. Im Quagmire. And Im doin you, Loretta.
 What the hell?
 Glenn Quagmire, YOURE DEAD!!
 Well, now that the mess is all cleaned up and were back from the emergency room, its time for the last game of the night, Trivial Pursu
 Oh, man, I hate Trivial Pursuit. It always makes me feel so stupid.
 More stupid than that time you locked your keys out of the car?
 Damn it. Hey, hey! Somebody! Hey! a man walks by the car Hey, sir! Sir! Sir, you see those keys there? Sir? Siroh, screw you! shifts
 Does that mean I get my kids back?
 Oh, crap! to the judge Oh, it was prison you were thinking of. Prison.
 Well, I guess the pilot must have been JFK Jr. realizes what he just said
 Mittens has food in his bowl!
 Thats old food! Mittens meows
 Mittens, shut up! Mittens, SHUT UP!
 Dont you talk to Mittens that way! Mittens is a member of this family!
 Mom, you want this threeway to happen, youre gonna have to change your tone!
 God, I dont think I couldve been any clearer the last time I turned him down.
 walks on the set Neil Goldman of Quahog, Rhode Island, leave me alone! I hate you! I HATE YOU!! leaves
 He what?! That blackguard! Oh, come here. Lemme just Lemme just hold you for a while.
 But... But... But... But I... I... You... I... I... wails like a real baby
 Well, how about no more job?! Hmm? You hear that, Miss Fussybritches?! I shall see you fired! Damn you! I thought we were going to go a
 Uh, hey, uh, Bonnie, uh, listen, why dont you stop with the questions, huh? Youreyoure ruining everyones good time. Like Peter did
 Hi there, how yall doing? Alright, so Im at the DMV the other day. Long lines, long lines at the DMV, but, uh, youll all find out abo
 Tell me about it. So, anyway, who hates flying?
 So, uh, Mr. Pewterschmidt, the, uh, big race is tomorrow, eh? Bet youre gonna need some big strapping men to help you with your boat.
 No. No. I justI just thought you might want some extra seamen on your, uh, ononon your poopdeck. Carter punches Peter in the face, k
 reads The Da Vinci Code Oh, yes, just as I thought. France... art... murder?! Well, this is a bigger surprise than that time Peter va
 Hey, Stewie. Peekaboo!
 Yes, I see you, fat man.
 gasps Wheres Daddy? covers eyes
 What? looks around Where did you go?! Oh, this is impossible! III can hear you, but I cant see. Well, he must really be gone. sta
 removes hands from eyes Peekaboo!
 Ahh! How the hell did you do that?! Look, I thought you disappeared, otherwise I wouldnt have picked my Peter covers his eyes again
 Hey, whats that?
 stops What?
 Youre eatin somethin!
 I dont know what youre talkin about.
 Yeah. See, now, this is why I didnt say anything. I knew you were gonna get like this.
 Look, look, Joe, I...!
 Okay. You know what? Lets just agree to disagree.
 Yeah. The buffet was great!
 And I enjoyed shootin Skeet.
 Theres nothin good about what you do or who you are.
 Wow, that sounds even better than when I got paid to take part in that study.
 Im sorry, I cant see what youre going for here. What, hey, let me look at turns to see the puzzle, a jar of jam Oh, its a jar of
 Oh, I wonder how your fathers first day of work went.
 Dad? What the hell are you doing!?
 drunk Uh, yeah, hey buddy. Uh, Ill have a triple cheeseburger and a large fries and uh...do you sell pants?
 Jack, are you out there? I wanna show you my new bikini.
 What the hell?! Why they blockin out all the good stuff?
 Theyre messin with my shows!
 Come to think of it, there was something very different about that Honeymooners episode I watched today.
 This must be the FCC overreacting to the David Hyde Pierce incident. Theyre censoring anything that might be viewed as unpleasant.
 What the hell?! They let Sarah Jessica Parkers face on TV, and she looks like a foot. Well, mark my words, Im gonna fight this!
 Hi, there. Im Peter Griffin, and youre watchin PTV, where you get to watch your favorite shows as nature intended them, with all the
 And who could forget that classic episode of The Waltons?
 Hi, Dad!
 Go to your room.
 Okay. heads upstairs and falls through to the floor again
 You know, I thought I could help people with this whole ATeam thing, but it turns out Im as useless as that nude Playboy spread of Deb
 Hey, hey Dad, Dad. Pull my finger. holds his finger out, Peter pulls it Wait... farts Oh, sounded like a peeptoad! But its not sum
 Hey, Drippy, youre back! Whats for dinner?
 Aw, dont feel bad, Peter. Hey, I know whatll cheer ya up.
 Nah. I dont think Im in the mood.
 Are ya sure? leaves, then comes back with a banana suit; sings and dances
 Sorry, Brian. Its just not doin it today. leaves
 continues singing and dancing Do the Peanut Butter Jelly!
 Hey, Brian. Marian just called you an alcoholic.
 Oh, yeah? Marian just called you a homo.
 Wait a second. Ill be right back. leaves, then returns with a cucumber Hey, Brian, Brian. What if I put this cucumber right here? Pu
 I dont know, man. Its his wife.
 You dont think hed be ticked off if I put this... Just put that right there? Just right in that spot, right there on the couch?
 laughing Hey, Marians giving you a thumbs up. laughs
 You know what we should do? We should let it sit here for a couple of weeks and see if it pickles.
 If after three weeks, it pickles, then shes real, and we both have to buy Patrick a steak.
 prays to Fonzie Fonzie, if this be your will, please give me a sign.
 amazed It sure is! Fonzie be praised!
 after finding a drunk Brian sitting by a fire hydrant Oh, God, a gutter? How cliché!
 I dont know what went wrong. I was just trying to live for the moment, you know? Cause life can end so abruptly and theres nothing yo
 Is that why youve been on this path to selfdestruction? You know, Brian, as smart as you are, youve just got to accept the fact that
 You mean, the way you cant control that messed up way that you laugh when you think something is really, really funny?
 Yes, and I accept that. Your problem is you think that just because youre not in control, nothing matters. Ththat YOU dont matter. B
 All right, now listen up, you limey bum sniffers! If were gonna beat the New England Patriots next week, I got to toughen you up. So yo
 Thanks, Regis.
 Uh, okay, um... Z, 4, Q... another Q... uh... a third Q, and the Batman symbol.
 Is it Alex Karras in Webster? the whole puzzle is revealed
 Oh, my God! I just took a shot in the dark! Holy crap!
 Hey, how much for that fat guy in the circle? I dont see a price tag on that.
 Oh, oh, embarrassing. Eh, okay. Well in that case, Ill take the rest on a gift certificate.
 Oh, sweetie, you look so handsome on TV!
 I cant believe you actually won! But I suppose its not the strangest thing Ive seen on a game show...like when Adam West was on "Jeop
 Yes, Bertram, Im alive. And I think youll find all your guards quite incapacitated.
 Well, when Im done with you, youre going to hate me more than the other vowels hate Y.  If youll turn to page 34 of your blue books, youll see our projections for next quarter, Y enters, talking on his cell  Okay,  Well, before you Ys phone rings So, what are we talking about here? Well, well, well, look who decided to show up. okay. Yeah, alright. Okay, you know what, Im in a meeting, Ill call you back. hangs up phone which I can
 Thank you, Doctor. Ive realized now that eating is not the way to solve my problems. You hear that, Meg?
 For your information, Mom, I dont eat to solve my problems. I cut myself. Is that better?
 Chris, we all love your hat.
 Thanks, Mom! to Dr. Hartman Hey, doc, what did you do with my moms fat?
 Uhhhh, its exactly what it looks like.
 Thank you for coming, Deep Throat.
 Uh... okay.
 Kermit the Frog?
 Whats his appeal?
 I have to tell you something, Adam.
 Shes so pretty that if your Hacky Sack were my private parts, Id let her do that to them.
 Um, wait...yes.
 Matthew McConaughey?
 Chris, grab his legs! I gotta bury this thing.
 But I...
 GRAB HIS GODDAMN LEGS!!!
 Ill tell you whats not safe
 So, yall set to go hunting? Cheney shoots him about ten times. Peter screams each time until he falls on the ground
 shows Carrot Top a saw wearing glasses I found this saw with glasses on it.
 Oh, my God! Oh, my God! You are so fucking funny! You are so Goddamn you for being so
 Peter, these are parachutes! What the hell are we going to do with parachutes?
 They were to distract you while I put on the one scuba suit.
 That wasnt oxygen, that was a tank of Tony Danzas breath! I wonder who got my oxygen tank.
 Did I miss my cue?
 Although I probably pushed things too far when I did the incest episode.
 nervously Oh, uh...hi, Mom.
 in a shaky voice Hi, Chris... they both have a shameful look on their faces
 in the kitchen with his head down, pounding his fist on the table everytime he says wrong WRONG! Its WRONG!
 Yeah, I got something to say. stands on a stool You know, we kid around a lot here, but the truth is, we care about each other. And we to be back, because we wanna address some serious issues and, you know, do something we can all be proud of. Peter farts; everyone laughs
 That was me. I used to think flatulence was something to laugh about. Truth is, 300,000,000 Americans a day expel gas through their anus more about flatulence, you can visit my ass. farts again, then laughs Just yankin ya. scene fades to black for a moment, then back in again; Peter farts once more
 I want some ice cream.
 I hate you! I hate you! I want my mommy!
 Oh, we're just getting started!
 Meg is my least favorite of all your children!
 It's alright. We'll just move the party to the skating rink. Who's sober enough to drive? nobody answers Uh, okay, who's drunk, but that special kind of drunk where you're a better driver because you know you're drunk? You know, the kind of drunk where you probably shouldn't drive, but you do anyway because, I mean, come on, you got to get your car home. Right? I mean, I mean, what do they expect me to do, take a bus? Is that what they want? For me to take a bus? Well, screw that! You take a bus.
 I'm that kind of drunk.
 throws Cleveland the car keys Shotgun!
 So, how was work today, Meg?
 Oh. Peter, you lost your job because of the Super Store. You shouldn't blame Meg.
 And you can stop making that fart sound every time someone says Meg.
 So, how was your day exploiting the town's resources, Meg?
 laughs Meg.
 MEG!
 Meg! Meg! Meg! Meg! Meg! Meg! Meg!
 quietly Meg.
 I'm not gonna sit here and take this! I'm the only one in this family who has a job!
 Yeah, like she'd get paid for that.
 What did he just say to you?
 Nothing. There was It's like if you Forget it. It's nothing, Meg.
 You can't leave, man, that's desertion. They'll come after you like Peter went after that hockey coach. pause, but there's no cutaway Oh, no clip? Oh, thought we had a clip. Nope? Okay. Uhuh, you can't leave, Brian...
 All right, it shouldn't be too hard to get us kicked out.
 Right. We've just got to convince them we're not army material. Ready?
 All right, let's do it. they start making out
 Wow, look at how gay we are! I am so gay, with my gayness!
 Me too! I'm... I'm a homo!
 Hell yeah! Brian slaps him
 Quagmire, check it out! I took ten M80s and stuck 'em all together. I call it "Peter Griffin's BunkerBustin'MegaUltraSuper..." the firecrackers explode all at once in his hand, knocking him down to the ground; screams; holds up his fingerless hand to everyone HOLY CRAP!!!
 OH, MY GOD!! YA BLEW OFF ALL YOUR FINGERS!
 You know, no huge hurry, but I'm sorta outta juice over here. taps his empty cup Bone dry.
 There's one of Dad's fingers!
 We have to hurry! I learned in biology, if you get 'em back soon enough, they can be reattached.
 What's all the commotion?
 Now, why in the world would you be embarrassed about dating her?
 to Brian Are her parents brother and sister?
 Can you please leave now?!
 Oh. Now I get it. She's a moron! But a moron with large breasts, you can use as mountains for your Matchbox cars or whatever it is grownups do with large breasts.
 Shut up! That's not it at all.
 reading Meg's sex pamphlet "If you have sex, your penis will fall off and land in another dimension populated entirely by dogs who will eat it". Well, that's something I'd like to avoid. Well, this changes everything! From now on, I too will be "obstinent".
 Abstinent.
 Absent.
 Abstinent.
 You're grounded.*
 Oh, that was fantastic. Hey, where'd you get that tattoo on your lower back?
 I don't know, Peter. Meth is a hell of a drug.
 What?
 Oh, Smilla, your sense of snow is equalled only by your sense of love!
 Peter, have you been up all night watching chick movies?
 Lois, before I found these movies, women only made me cry through my penis. Now they make me cry through my eyes.
 So what happened?
 Well, you wanna know what I learned this week? Being a grownup sucks. Women, Brian what a royal pain in the ass. It's like, it's like, why can't you just hang out with guys, you know? Just live with someone of your own sex, just do what you would do with women, but with your buddy, you know wha why don't guys just do that?
 They do, it's called being gay.
 Oh, that's what gay is? Oh yeah, I could totally get into that.
 drunk You know, Connie, I think I have a theory about why you're such a bitch.
 Brian, let's just go.
 No, no, no, no, no. Hang on. Hang on, Meg. Hang on. You see, Connie, you're popular because you developed early and started putting out when you were 12. But now you can't stand to look at yourself in the mirror, because all you see is a whore. So you pick on Meg to avoid the inevitable realization that once your body's used up by age 19, you're gonna be a wornout, chalkyskinned burlap sack that even your stepdad won't want. How's that? Am I in the ballpark?
 Morning, cutie!
 Hey.
 I had so much fun last night, Brian. Hey, I thought maybe we could go get some coffee later.
 I I don't think so.
 Oh, come on! Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy? Huh? Who's a good boy?
 Me.
 speaks baby talk Oh, yes, yes, yes! Who's a good boy?!
 I am. I'm a good boy. But, no, no, no. Look. Look. I got stuff to do today. All right? Sorry.
 Well, we should hook up, anyway. I'll bug ya later. leaves
 How much for the gloves?
 Peter, those are yours.
 10 bucks! $2! $7! $4! $5.50! $10! Sold! slyly Sucker. I would have gone to fifteen easy. I am so stupid.
 While running away with Stewie How are we gonna get out of here?
 You still got the starting gun?
 Yeah?
 Give it to me.
 To the driver of the car, while holding up the gun Get out of the fucking car! Get out of the fucking car right now man! breaks car window with the gun Get out of the fucking car! Do it, do it, do it! I'll fucking kill you! Get the fuck out of the fucking car!
 Did we just carjack someone?
 We sure did Brian, we sure did.
 So, Meg, your birthday's coming up, huh? You excited about turning...
 Uh, Meg, I got 16 candles for your birthday cake. How does that sound?
 That's not right.
 So, less, more, too many, not enough?
 You stupid son of a bitch! You don't even know how old I am!
 Meg, that kind of language is not appropriate for a girl your age, or is it?
 I'm gonna be 17, you jerks! leaves
 to Kyle You got LEGOs? Aw, sweet! Lois only buys me Mega Bloks.
 They're the same thing, Peter.
 You know what, Lois? They're not the same thing. And the sooner you get that through your thick skull, the sooner we can get this marriage back on track.
 whispers I love you.
 What? What'd you say?
 Uh, olive juice.
 Olive juice?
 whispers Olive juice, you too.
 Hey, Meg, come here. Have a seat. she sits down next to him. Peter then does a fake yawn, stretches his arms out, and puts one around Meg
 Dad, what are you doing?
 Meg, I'm a redneck. Which means I am about to do something to you that you will not remember until you're 40.
 Meg, come back here! I meant sex!
 Hey, Bill, you up for a little bowling? I swiped some money out of Lois' purse. I don't think she'll notice, 'cause she's here, humping you?!
 gasps Peter! starts putting on and buttoning her shirt Look, I know this looks bad, and I feel horrible, andand I know nothing I could say to you could possibly justify why I slept with Bill, except... voice gets increasingly more lustful I mean, Peter, the man presided over the longest economic expansion in U.S. History and... inhales he reduced the percentage of Americans on welfare to its lowest level in 33 years!
 35 years, Peter!
 How do you think it works?
 I have no idea.
 Look, Lois told me I had to start using the toilet and you're the one who's had potty training, so I'm counting on you to help me.
 All right, we're two intelligent guys. We can figure this out.
 What's that big back part?
 Maybe that's where the wizard lives who operates this thing. It would be wise not to anger him.
 I wonder what this thing is for.
 Brian, be careful with that. We don't know what it does.
 sighs All right, here goes.
 Oh, God. Oh, God. Careful. Careful. Careful. Careful.
 OW! Damn it, Peter! Stop it! I gotta tell you, you're pissin' me off worse than when I watched the O.J. verdict with my old roommate.
 What the hell?!
 What?!
 Maybe we should get new roommates.
 Oh, it is so good to be home. You know, I wanted us to live in a place with real family values, but values don't come from where you live or who your friends are. They come from inside, from your own beliefs.
 I agree, Lois. Like, for instance, if you're watching a TV show and you decide to take your values from that... you're an idiot. Maybe you should take responsibility for what values your kids are getting. Maybe you shouldn't be letting your kids watch certain shows in the first place if you have such a big problem with them, instead of blaming the shows themselves. long pause Yeah.
 Horsey! You saved my life!
 Wow! Gilbert Gottfried!
 Awesome!
 Peter, a little culture is good for this family. Besides, you liked The Nutcracker, didn't you?
 No, Lois, I did not. The Nutcracker had zero physical comedy. Andand with a name like The Nutcracker, I thought, "Oh, this will be worth a few yuks." But no, Lois. That title wrote a check that the queers on stage refused to cash.
 They cut a school's funding if it's got low test scores? This is not what the Founding Fathers had in mind.
 Hi. I'm going doortodoor to campaign on behalf of Lois Griffin, who's offering real change for the city of Quahog. May we count on your vote next Tuesday? the camera pans to the person at the door, who turns out to be Lois
 Chris, this is our house.
 Ah. Then what is for dinner?
 Pork chops.
 Excellent.
 Chris, have you been to any other houses?
 I have not.
 Would you like to come in?
 Please.
 Hey, you guys.
 Mom, everyone on TV says you're running the town great. Maybe you could do some damn laundry once in a while.
 What?
 What?
 to Lois Come here, baby, let's go play "Hide and Go Anal"!
 Meg, stop staring at Mr. Griffin! I'm sorry, Peter. I'm afraid she's got her father's libido.
 What can I say? I'm a Vagittarius! Oh!
 I know! Who would have thought bin Laden was hiding out in the cast of MADtv?
 Man, the perfect hiding spot  the one place no one would look.
 Ok, who would you rather do, Jabba the Hutt right after a shower, or a service droid?
 angrily My father was a service droid! starts to leave
 Hey, where are you going?
 Oh, you can just kiss the lower back end of the canister that is my body.
 That is fantastic! Terrific work! So, no weaknesses at all?
 Is it a fast ship?
 makes Chewbacca's trademark gargling roar for a second, then spits out water in a nearby sink Always gargle before a take-off. Wocka-wocka! All right, let's go.
 Wow, Dad, thanks for keeping us entertained! That was a great story!
 Yeah, but didn't Robot Chicken already do this three months ago?
 Well, I wouldn't worry about it, Chris. I don't think people are even aware of that show's existence.
 I don't know, Dad. I think a decent number of people watch it.
 Oh, really? Define decent.
 I think it's the highest rated show on Cartoon Network, and the Star Wars episode doubled that audience.
 Well, yeah, but double ten people is like, twenty people, so what kind of numbers are we talking about here? Who knows?
 Don't be glib about this stuff, Dad. It's a legitimate show, and they beat you to the punch.
 Uh, I don't know about that, Chris. I mean, to me a legitimate show is on ABC, CBS, NBC, you know, one of the REAL networks.
 chuckles I don't know about that, Dad.
 And besides, what's up with that 15-minute run time? What is that? It's like 15 minutes of guys playing with "Star Wars" dolls. Oh, yay, yaaay! Tune me in for that.
 Oh, so you do know the show?
 I read part of a review online. I'm not a fan.
 angrily You know, Dad, you're a real jerk!
 So, Meg, any luck finding another job?
 No. Hardly anybody's hiring right now. The only job I could find was for a phone sex line, and I sucked at it.
 What am I wearing? Um...a hat, and...glasses? What kind of underwear? Um...I don't know...big underwear, I guess. I'm sorry, what? Oh. What would I do to you? Well, um... I guess, maybe we could get pizza, and...we could watch House?
 All right, I am totally flaccid, but thank you anyway, ma'am. I appreciate your time. hangs up
 Peter, this doesn't seem safe.
 Yeah, I'm afraid I might- Cleveland falls off the mountain, then Spider-Man arrives, and shoots a web under Cleveland, breaking his fall Wow. Thanks, Spider-Man!
 Uh, apparently, everybody gets one.
 What are you-- Wha-what are you doing with a gun?
 Something I should have done a very long time ago. shoots rapidly at Lois until she falls into the water with blood on her chest I DID IT! I KILLED HER! SHE'S DEAD! laughs maniacally until he trips and cries Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! ...Oh, yeah, that's right.
 Oh, no!
 Oh, no!
 Oh, no!
 All right, Peter. I'm going to kill Stewie. Dinner's in the oven. All you have to do is turn it to 350 at about 5
 Yeah, okay, Lois.
 Are you listening?
 Yeah.
 What did I just say?
 Turn the oven to 350 at 5
 Peter, why did you have my acupuncturist arrested?
 Because he was an illegal immigrant and a threat to our national security!
 He was an 85 year old Korean Buddhist!
 Or was he supreme leader of al-Queda? I guess we'll find out if he ever gets a trial.
 Peter, America was founded by immigrants. Everyone here is the descendant of an immigrant. They're a vital part of our society.
 They're part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take 'em away!
 Well, I guess everything's back to normal.
 Oh, man. Not this guy again!
 What's wrong?
 What? Where?
 Oh, my God! Dad!
 What do you think you're doing?!
 Chinese accent Peter? Who Peter?
 I didn't say Peter. I said Dad!
 normally Oh.
 Have you been spying on us the entire time we've been dating?!
 Meg, it's only because I wanna make sure this guy treats you right and doesn't try anything funny!
 But, Michael.
 See? Look, Meg. He just walked out on ya. He's a bad man, like Jodie Foster.
 Didn't we have an electrician in there today?
 Uh, he left. Pretty sure he left.
 Isn't that his truck?
 Well, by God, Brian, we're murderers. I guess this means you'll be going to Doggie Hell.
 Excellent. I'm a bigger hit with the kids than Will Smith and his nice, clean rap.
 Stop mocking me!
 Oh, come on!
 Oh, I believe I am. Driver's license, Social Security card, American Express.
 Well, Dave, I have a hilarious new movie comin' out on HBO next month. It's all about 9/11. The movie's called September 11th, 2000-Fun.
 Well, you haven't heard what the movie's about. I play a window washer who has just finished washing the last window of the World Trade Center. And then I turn around to get off the scaffold, and what do you think I see coming? A plane! And I go, "Come on"! You know, it's real, real old-style comedy, you know, it's like two pies in the face, and one in a field in Pennsylvania.
 And the voice of the plane is David Spade.
 Are you a pedophile?
 Listen, I'll be your assistant, and we'll put on a whole big show!
 Really?
 Yeah, we'll do all the great tricks. You can even split me in half.
 What?
 Saw me in half.
 I don't know, Brian. Raising a child is a very rewarding experience.
 You know what else is rewarding, Lois? Shutting your vag.
 What?
 What?
 Hey, guys, what's going on?
 Cool!
 That thing don't bite, do it?
 Guys, say hello to Adrian Beakey.
 Hey, isn't that funny? He heard me say that on the way over in the car.
 uncomfortable Uh, yeah, I had the radio on in the car and they were talking about some crazy stuff... So what are you-what are you guys drinkin'?
 Chris, honey, what's wrong?
 Anna took a dump on me.
 What?!
 Yeah, she broke up with me.
 Oh-ho, she dumped you. That's what you meant to say.
 What's the difference?
 Well, when two people love each other very much, sometimes they show it by- y- never mind.
 Brian, can I see that paper for a sec? Brian hands him the paper Huh, that's odd. I thought that would be big news.
 You thought what would be big news?
 Well, there seems to be an absence of a certain ornithological piece. A headline regarding mass awareness of a certain avian variety.
 What are you talking about?
 Oh, have you not heard? It was my understanding that everyone had heard.
 Heard what?
 Brian, don't!
 You seem like a nice guy. Why don'tcha come over to my house for dinner tonight?
 Great! We'll have a blast. After we eat, we can watch that YouTube footage of Marlee Matlin callin' Moviefone.
 All right, Brian, we'll go. But don't touch anything while we're there. Even stepping on a mosquito can cause a chain reaction that drastically alters the present.
 Really?
 Nah. You can do whatever you want.
 Unless what?
 Whenever-
 Yeah! But you remember the giant eagle they rode in the first one that then rescues them at the end of the 3rd one?
 Yeah, why didn't they just fly the eagle to Mordor instead of spending 3 movies walking there?
 I'm not arguing that with you. I'm just saying there's a hole in the story.
 Well, that's not the point.
 Of course. I love the movie. But look. I'm no writer. But if a fat kid like me with one finger up his nose is bumped by it, you'd think someone would've caught it.
 No, I did. The eagle was majestic and beautiful, but sometimes you have to sacrifice spectacle for a coherent storyline.
 No.
 Well, Rupert, we're out of food, diapers, and just about everything else. Which means I've got to get a job. Otherwise, we'll be in worse shape than Morbidly-Obese Albert.
 Hey, New Brian. Oh, I see you're having pie. You know, pie isn't really pie without Cool Hwhip.
 Everything's better with Cool Hwhip.
 Did you hear what I said?
 Yeah, what about it?
 It doesn't bother you the way I pronounce it? "Cool Hwhip?"
 No, why would it?
 Cool Hwhip. I'm putting emphasis on the H.
 Sounds right to me.
 Nothing ever bothers you, does it?
 No, not really. I like everything.
 God, he's a bigger buzz kill than Buzz Killington.
 No...
 Can you use it in a sentence please?
 Huh. Can you use it in a dirty sentence?
 T-R-E-E. Tree.
 What's it called?
 sarcastically Wow, a song named after a girl. There aren't a million of those already.
 Name 20.
 Name 6 more.
 "Sherry", "Laura", "Wendy", "Maria", "Peggy Sue", "Minnie the Moocher".
 Name 5 more.
 "Tracy", "Jean", "Jane", "Mary Ann", "Eleanor Rigby".
 Go fuck yourself.
 Oh, there's my laptop. Do you mind? I want to check my e-mail.
 Go away! I'm editing this music video I'm making for Susie.
 voice rising in pitch Oh, really. Music video? Working on a little video there? Little, uh... little music video? Little compilation of visual images to go with the song? Little four minute movie that tells the story of a...
 Yeah, that only works when I do it.
 Peter, where have you been? You left for the market six hours ago! Did you get the beans?
 Lois, I've got something better! You know how you've always wanted a real diamond engagement ring?
 gasps, touched Oh my God!
 That's right, I've bought a horse!
 Okay, what's next?
 in Rogen's voice Hey, doc, are we gonna be much longer? I gotta get some beers with the fellas before I go out on this date.
 That's my name, don't put a knife in it.
 Wow. Fred Savage is the greatest actor in the history of the world!
 Well, if you let us run this story, I promise you they will.
 Yeah? Can you read my mind? Can you tell what I'm thinking right now? I'm thinkin' "shut up and get a salad".
 We'll get to you, Brent!
 Uh, hello!
 Oh, hailing frequencies open, huh? chuckles Uh, yeah. We're gonna get 2 McChicken Sandwiches and a Diet Coke and... What do you want, Michael?
 No. I already told you, they don't make those anymore.
 No McDonald's anywhere makes a McDLT anymore!
 It's September, Jonathan!
 No, LeVar. You're blind. That's the only way you can see.
 Just hang on! All right?! There's a lot of us! There's a lot-- It's a big order!
 It's 3
 None of 'em serve breakfast all day!
 says grace before the meal Dear Lord, please give me the cheat codes from "Mike Tyson's Punch-Out". I have been stuck on Bald Bull for four years. I tried Left-Left-Up-B-dodge-uppercut, but it still knocks me out. And, you know, they say you're supposed to go Right-B-Up-dodge-Left-uppercu... laughs Listen to me, telling you how to play a game.
 laughs He said it!
 Hey, whatever happened to your son, Kevin?
 unemotionally Sad.
 Oh no! Connie's been hurt! I guess someone should lie on top of her to keep her warm.
 What are you looking at? It's a cartoon!
 You know somethin', Brian? I bet you'll make the late night monologues.
 Lauren just finished a fascinating doctoral thesis on sub-orbital propulsion mechanisms that NASA is using for the next generation of space shuttles.
 So, Lauren, um, whenever I'm watchin' your show...you give me wood. Where do we go from here?
 Yep.
 Well, it's done.
 What the hell? What's happened to us?
 I don't know, but suddenly I feel all sweet and warm and fuzzy. It seems we're in a universe where everything is drawn by Disney.
 Look! There's our house!
 laughing Look how gaily we run!
 Whoa, this is trippy.
 I should say so. We're in the Robot Chicken universe.
 How's it feel to be on a major network for 30 seconds?
 Bye!
 That's the problem with this world
 See you later, bitches! Have fun with your stupid goddamn Giant Chicken jokes and your Conway Twitty... Hey, why is there a moving truck outside Cleveland's house?
 I'm John Wayne at the first Thanksgiving, pilgrims. Happy Thanksgiving, pilgrims.
 kicks the Drive Thru window Keep the change. zoom on Peter Road House.
 about to set them on the dresser Here?
 about to set them on the cushioned bench On this?
 about to set them on the windowsill Here?
 crossly You know what? Just take your fucking keys because I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. slams door
 Oh, that's terrible.
 Oh, my God! You've missed so much! Like when America was attacked by mentally challenged suicide bombers.
 Now hang on, Quagmire, there's no guarantee that it's your baby.
 Oooh, I say that...
 Peter, I sharpened a pencil in my bum and now I need a band-aid.
 I'm trying to establish a friendship with you. All I've done is try to be nice to you, and you still don't like me. How can you not like me?
 Okay, I'll tell you. You are the worst person I know. You constantly hit on your best friend's wife. The man pays for your food and rescued you from certain death, and this is how you repay him? And to add insult to injury, you defecate all over his yard. And you're such a sponge. You pay for nothing. You always say mocks Brian "Ooh, I'll get you later", but later never comes. And what really bothers me, is you pretend that you're this deep guy that loves women for their souls, when all you do is date bimbos. Yeah, I date women for their bodies, but at least I'm honest about it. I don't buy them a copy of Catcher in the Rye and then lecture them with some seventh grade interpretation about how Holden Caulfield was some profound intellectual. He wasn't! He was a spoiled brat! And that's why you like him so much, He's you. God, you're pretentious. And you delude yourself by thinking you're some great writer, even though you're terrible. You know, I should've known Cheryl Tiegs didn't write me that note. She would've known there's no "a" in the word "definite". And what I think I hate most about you is your textbook liberal agenda. How we should mocks again "legalize pot, man", how big business is crushing the underclass, how homelessness is the biggest tragedy in America. Well what have you done to help? I work down at the soup kitchen, Brian. Never seen you down there. You wanna help? Grab a ladle! And by the way, driving a Prius doesn't make you Jesus Christ. Oh, wait. You don't believe in Jesus Christ, or any religion for that matter because mocks again "religion is for idiots". Well, who the hell are you to talk down to anyone?! You failed college twice, which isn't nearly as bad as your failure as a father. How's that son of yours you never see? But you know what? I could forgive all of that, all of it, if you weren't such a bore. That's the worst of it, Brian. You're just a big, sad, alcoholic bore. sighs, puts his napkin on the table, and sets to leave I'll see ya, Brian. Thanks for the fucking steak.
 Lois was right. I'm not a writer. I'm a joke. I'm one big, fat, ridiculous joke. camera pulls out to show Bill from Family Circus sitting next to him
 You know what, father from Family Circus? All you do is judge other people. Every day in the funnies, all you do is judge. Why don't you shut your goddamn mouth for once and go home and punch your wife in the face?
 This is a very shocking Family Circus.
 Poor bastard’s more upset than when I read Curious George Goes to his Gym Coach’s Apartment.
 Monkeys aren’t supposed to drink chardonnay! He’s tricking you! Get out of there!
 Here are some of the new products we'll be unveiling. flips page The African-American heart monitor.
 Morning, nice people who I still don't know your names and who mean nothing to me.
 Well, I certainly hope that doesn't apply to me, especially after last night.
 You got a point there, hot stuff. smacks her rear end And if sex with the rest you is half as good as it was with her, then I think we're all gonna get along just fine.
 Yay!
 Well, no, no, Peter. You can't have sex with the kids.
 Well, I wish you'd told him that before he lost his memory. everyone else gasps It was a joke! I was just making a joke!
 That's your sense of humor?!
 I was just kidding! God!
 Meg, that's awful!
 Geez, open your mouth for a joke once and that's what you come up with?
 That's messed up, Meg.
 I was just trying to be funny.
 That wasn't funny, that was just dark.
 Yeah, that's your father!
 shoves Meg out of the kitchen Oh, get out, Meg! Get out of the kitchen! Go on, get out! Out, out, out! Get out of the kitchen! Go on, and get out of here!
 Heh, heh, heh.
 Oh, well, that's only fair, because, after all, I did hide him from
 Peter, Meg's been suspended from school.
 That's okay, whatever she wants to do.
 She cracked three kids' skulls open. Ever since she got out of prison, she's been completely out of control.
 Oh, um, sorry, um... So what do your parents do?
 Is he playing a dick?
 If you have sex with her, you give her all the power, and if you don't have sex with her, you're gay.
 to Angela Thanks for having me in your home, and I would have had sex with you but Peter neglected to tell me you were a dumpster fire.
 So you gonna introduce me to your little friends?
 That’s Trap-Jaw, that’s Optimus Prime, that’s Destro, and that’s a Care Bear.
 You having a tea party?
 No, we’re working out a land deal. Trap-Jaw is trying to get a variance to build an unpermitted structure within 10 feet of Optimus Prime’s property line. Destro’s the city councilman who’s telling Trap-Jaw that he has to file it as an accessory structure and even then it can only be built at the rear of the lot. And the Care Bear is just a Care Bear.
 When you jumped through my ceiling, you let an owl in. I know they're supposed to be wise, but all it did was shriek and throw-up half-digested mice.
 You've had energy bars this whole time? You idiot!
 Not energy bars. Jenny Craig Anytime Bars. And you bitched yourself out a bite.
 All right, I'm sorry, all right? Can I have one, please?
 All right.
 Can you give me a caramel one?
 No. You can have, um, um, you can have, um - You can have strawberry yogurt.
 I don't like yogurt.
 Picky for someone who eats the same food out of a bowl on the floor every night.
 Okay, I get it.
 A bowl that starts in the kitchen and ends up in the living room.
 Shut up.
 Forgets four seconds later that he ate it.
 Shut up!
 Ooh, harsh tone. You just got bumped down to coconut mint.
 Wanting to kill yourself... Well, I think that's pretty selfish of you.
 How is that selfish?
 What would I do if you weren't here? Hmm? You're the only one who makes my life bearable.
 I thought you said I was the best of a bad situation.
 I was just trying to hurt you because you hurt me. But the truth is you're my only friend, Brian. lf I didn't have you, I'd be lost.
 Ah, you'd be okay.
 No, I wouldn't. I don't really care for anybody else. Just you. You're the only one I like.
 Well, thanks.
 uncomfortable I like you a lot. I guess you could say I really like you. I would even dare to go a little further, perhaps. I care a great deal about you. A very great deal. Maybe even deeper than that. mumbling I... I love you. I mean, you know, not in like a, "Hey, let's have an underpants party," or whatever grown-ups do when they're in love. I mean, I love you as one loves another person whom one simply cannot do without.
 Well, I I love you too, Stewie.
 You give my life purpose. And maybe that's enough. Because that's just about the greatest gift one friend can give another.
 Thank you.
 Hey.
 What?
 Will you read to me?
 Sure.
 What?! What the hell?! What's wrong with you?!
 I HAD SEX WITH HER!
 What?!
 I HAD SEX WITH HER AT THE MARRIOTT!!
 screams Why!?
 I didn't know! I didn't know it was her!
 OH, MY GOD!
 HOW DOES THIS HAPPEN?! WHEN THEY MOVE TO A NEW PLACE, THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO NOTIFY THE NEIGHBORHOOD! THAT'S HOW IT WORKS!
 He didn't actually move! He's just visiting!!
 Hey!
 I fucked your dad!
 What the hell was that about, who were those guys!?
 You think they were following us?
 Aw, Joe, that's so dumb.
 Hey, you know, Cleveland, you better hide the markers from your kids. Somebody colored in your Jesus.
 Why you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking... nerfherder!
 C'mon Luke, join the dark side. It's really cool.
 Uh, there's me, the Emperor, this guy Scott. You'll meet him, he's awesome. Oh, and James Caan.
 Oh no! We've lost Han! They've taken him to Jabba's palace!
 Well, even though we know exactly where he is, we should rescue him in three years.
 Why are you wearing Han's clothes? to the home audience Seriously, watch the actual movie. Lando is wearing Han's clothes in this scene. It's really weird.
 Join me and we can rule the galaxy as father and son! Y'know? I mean it doesn't have to be as father and son, it can be just as, a-y'know- as two really close guys who just happen to be men y'know, just, two good-lookin' guys sharin' a cramped office runnin' the galaxy together — y'know just, gettin' the job done y'know — maybe we, maybe we do it occasionally, but it's not weird, y'know, cause we're just, two guys with ragin' goals, y'know? I mean it's not even about the doin' it part — but thats a part of it — but it's not- it's not the whole thing.
 through the ships loud-speakers Luke, if that's you, wave your right hand! beat I said wave your right hand! beat Your right hand!
 Peter, this is Naomi.
 Wait? You mean you too used to, you know, bump Japanese cartoon monkey logo mouths?
 Well, let's just say Naomi and I experimented quite a bit in college.
 No way! My wife messed around with another chick! Thank you, God!
 Well, I think we made the right decision. I mean, sure. Havin' a baby costs a fortune. There's cutbacks on things we love. There's diapers and cryin' and late nights with no sleep. Flu shots and mumps and driver's ed and college tuition. But you know what? It's one more person to share the world with. Another little voice in the back seat of the car. One more Griffin to love and to love us in return.
 to the home audience We had the abortion.
 to Brian She doesn't know what "mister" means.
 Oh, my God, seriously.
 after Stephanie is killed I can't help but feel this would be sadder if she wasn't so heavy.
 Oh my God! It was him! It was James Woods! He killed Stephanie!
 Jeez, I knew he was crazy but I didn't think he was a murderer.
 Oh, my God! Peter, back it up!
 Oh, really, Lois? I thought I might drive forward. I thought that-that might be a fun thing to do.
 Stop fighting!
 With a killer in the house?
 In a rapper like voice Killer in da hoouuuuse.
 scared Oh, my God! I just realised something. James Woods hates me the most. That means he's probably gonna kill me next! cowboy voice Well, I reckon if I was a cattle rustler, I wouldn't be afraid.
 Oh, Peter, that's good.
 I know, Lois.
 dressed in armor Check it out, I'm a robot from outer space! Hang on, I'm coming down. Go Go Gadget Skis! Jumps down and crashes into Joe who is knocked out by a vase Uh-oh.
 Neh, my secret room's bigger.
 Um, okay.
 Um...what does that mean?
 Muriel? opens next door Muriel? Muriel? sniffs Nothing.
 Well, you actually know what she smells like?
 I know what everybody smells like.
 Carl?
 Cheetos.
 Mort?
 Pennies.
 Derek?
 Brut.
 Joe?
 Feces.
 Consuela?
 Pledge.
 Seamus?
 Wood.
 Quagmire?
 Wood.
 Wow.
 You know, I..have to admit, before this Muriel thing, I-I thought you might be the murderer.
 Oh, my God! So insulted. Y-- Trust me, if this were my work, it would be much more artful. There's a poetry to what I do. You know how I would've killed James Woods?
 How?
 I would have electrocuted him causing a temporary paralysis, and while he was still conscious but unable to move, I would've reached into his anus and pulled out his lower intestine slowly, hand over hand like a fancy magician scarf trick. Then I would fashion the intestine in a crude giraffe and give it to his children as a Christmas stocking stuffer...and then as his eyes start to close in final submission to death's cold embrace, I'd point to the ceiling and say, "Is that your card?" And stuck to the ceiling is the card that he picked earlier. Oh, I forget to tell you, he picked a card earlier.
 Wow! You're an artist.
 Oh, thanks, you're nice. I screwed that up.
 Wait a minute... something's not right here. sniffs We're short one vagina in this room!
 after finding Stephanie's underpants Oh, my God! Are those Stephanie's underpants?
 Oh, God.
 Looks like the crotch got chewed on by a walrus mouth.
 laughs Look, it's got flowers! Ha, I mean why bother? Who's gonna see 'em?
 Maybe someone in space. everyone laughs
 Come on, guys, can't we all just be glad she's dead?
 after shooting Diane, who almost shot Lois If anyone's going to take the bitch down, it's gonna be me.
 Look, Brian, all I'm saying is it's not normal for people to change their political views so radically overnight.
 Lois, no offense, but you don't exactly know what you're talking about. I mean, you...you're not exactly a fountain of political knowledge yourself.
 You want to know what I think is happening here?
 Oh, this should be rich and overtaxed.
 I think you just got to be in the "out" group. Whoever's on top, whoever's in power, whoever's successful, you gotta be on the other side or you don't feel like the smartest guy in the room. All you are, my dear, is a contrarian.
 Oh, please, you could not be more off base.
 Oh, yeah? Let me ask, what did you think of the movie Titanic?
 Horrible, one of the worst movies ever made.
 Mm-hm, what about Slumdog Millionaire?
 Overrated, just a terrible movie.
 Cocktail.
 Actually, not a bad film. You know, as classically structured cinema, Cocktail was one of the best films of its era.
 You make me sick, Brian.
 Does this mean I'll never see you again?
 Oh my God! Carter and his whore gasp in shock Mr. Pewterschmidt, you're having an affair? Ewww!
 Ewww!
 Chris?
 Meg?
 OH, MY GOD! What are you doing here?!
 Tryin' to grab some boob!
 From your sister?!
 I didn't know it was you!
 Well, who did you think it was?!
 Some bitch who cares!
 coughs Oh, my God! Oh! We did so much!
 SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP!
 WE'RE DISGUSTING!! WE'RE A DISGRACE TO OUR FAMILY!!!
 Brian, settle down. You're worse than that guy from Penguin Publishing.
 You know, what the hell's your problem, Zsa Zsa?
 Glenn? Glenn Quagmire? Wow! What are you doin' here?
 not surprised Oh, hi, Brian. Just waitin' for Santa, like everyone else.
 Cool, cool. We'll just hang with you guys. approaches Quagmire's niece Hey, who's this little guy? Is this your nephew? Hey, buddy! You excited to see Santa? Hope you've been a good boy this year.
 That "little guy" is my niece Abby, you douche. Her hair's short because of the chemotherapy.
 Uh-oh.
 Do you know how much talking it took to get her outta the house because of her no-hair?
 Gosh, I didn't know. I'm so sorry.
 Oh, you're sorry? For what? That waiting in line is such a catastrophe for you'd rather destroy the confidence of a 5-year-old cancer patient?
 Aw, c'mon. I didn't know she was dying.
 Who said anything about dying?
 holds her close No, sweetheart, you're not dying, 'cause we're gonna see Santa, and he's gonna give you a new brain. turns to Brian, unhappily gritting his teeth Get outta here, Brian. Just get outta here.
 Should've gone into politics, Bri.
 Oh, yeah, Drew. I wanna say hi to Lois, Brian, Chris, Stewie, Meg, Joe, Bonnie, Quagmire, Cleveland, Mort, Seamus, Adam West, Dr. Hartman, Bruce, Carter, Babs, Tom Tucker, Angela, Opie, Carl, Herbert, Jillian, Consuela, Giant Chicken, Greased-Up Deaf Guy!
 Whoa! Paramedics, come on down!
 Very well, my brother. Let us lead him on the path of righteousness!
 Mr. Swanson, can I ask you a personal question? What is it like having a disability?
 I guess I can relate to that. I mean, sometimes it's really hard being me, so when life gives me lemons, I guess I just make Meg-o-nade.
 I think we should go live with Mom.
 I just heard all of that, and I just want to say this family is fucking disintegrating.
 Meg has something she wants to tell you.
 Chris, please, I'm sorry.
 Say it!
 Chris is a failure!
 Uh, okay.
 Now we're goin' to the Swansons'!
 Oh, my God! I think Chris is havin' a heart attack!
 sits his wife back down We're not opposed to leave the table.
 Hey, you okay?
 Yup. Just waiting for my car.
 Look, I'm sorry I did what I did. Cheryl's great and I hope someday you get the chance to be with her.
 No. I'm never gonna get that chance again. I blew it for good, Brian, and you know what? I deserve to be lonely. I'm no saint, I dated Jillian just to hurt you.
 It's okay. It probably wouldn't have worked out like everything else. Hey, you know, maybe it took us stealing each other's girls to finally become friends.
 admittedly Yeah, maybe.
 Boy, Carol's lucky to have a sister like Lois.
 You're tellin' me. I always wanted a brother or sister, but instead I got a broster.
 Uh... Uh-- I-- Uh, I-I don't know.
 Aw, don't feel bad, Peter. Hey, I know what'll cheer ya up. leaves Hey, where the hell's my banana thing?
 appears behind the couch in Brian's banana suit and sings and dances It's Peanut Butter Jelly Time!
 laughs Oh, my God! Oh, Stewie! That is so funny! I did not see that comin'! leaves
 But that was my thing.
 I'm pretty sure it was the Internet's thing.
 Now, I know some teachers think they're workin' outside the box when they have class on the lawn, but I'm gonna take it a step further. We're gonna do peyote in the desert.
 dancing Oh, it's beautiful! Everything is so beautiful! Come dance with me, Dad!
 Soon, Meg. Soon. But first, I must inhale. inhales And again. inhales And again. inhales, pause Let's go to the Hollywood Hills and kill a bunch of people.
 Your old boyfriend? The one with the penis?
 Shirts off! I want to see who's got bigger pecs. tears off his shirt
 Peter!
 Well, they look better when they're oiled up. to Chris Pass the salad dressing. Oh no, it's an almost empty squeeze bottle. Hang on. squirts whatever is left onto his body Eh, it's all out. to Chris There's dressing on that salad! Gimme that salad! puts some salad onto his body Yeah, who's the better man now, Ross?!
 Oh yeah? Is that right? Well, so are we!
 We are?
 I think he's right about that. After all, we couldn't even turn the double play.
 Alright, Griffins, on the ground, we're goin' second. Let's turn two here. Ground ball's a double play ball plays in second. Let's look sharp. Tough D, tough D. Let's flash that leather. Head in the game. Play's at second. This infield is a Great Wall of China, nothin's gettin' past us. Good D, behind ya, Bri, good D all around. a fastball punches Peter in the throat, changing his voice to sound like Stewie I'm okay, everyone. Don't worry. I am okay. My voice sounds weird, I know, but I feel fine.
 Thanks to you, TV's a vast wasteland. You know how I know that phrase? I read it in a book, you monster!
 I'm Peter Griffin. I'm the guy who ruined television, and I'm the guy who's gonna fix it!
 Aha! Looks like this is one we beat you to!
 I learned how to do a somersault. Peter tries to do it, but falls over Did I do it?
 I guess all the time Quagmire should've been saying "Wiggity".
 Baldness is for women's crotches, not men's heads.
 You bastard!! You've been using my time machine to nail your bar skanks!
 Oh, come on! They're not all bad.
 Oh, yes. I've seen the women you bring home. That stutterer, she was a real prize.
 How are you enjoying your meal?
 Oh, for cryin' out loud. walks up to the thermostat and turns up the heat
 Peter, why are you turnin' up the heat again?
 Lois, this woman is obviously freezing.
 Somehow, my machine seems to have reversed the direction of time.
 Reversed the direction of time? Stewie, what does that mean? I don't get it.
 Okay, now I get it.
 What the devil is that?
 It's Peter and Chris. Sounds like they're in trouble.
 My God. Why is there so much vomit everywhere?
 points at a bottle Is that the Ipecac bottle? suddenly realizes Oh, no! No, please, not this!
 Oh, God. It's not gonna be coming out of us, it's gonna be going... throws up
 panicked Oh, dear God! throws up WHAT THE HELL?!
 I don't wanna! I don't wanna- !! regurgitates
 Dad, I'm scared! vomits and cries
 Oh God, this is so disgusting! I think I'm gonna puke! regurgitates FUCK!
 Stewie, I don't care what it takes. We've GOT to fix this! We just ate so much vomit!
 You guys heard the baby talking in there, didn't you?
 Chris, that's ridiculous!
 Watch your back, Simpsons, we're less than halfway there.
 Let's use our eyes ... to see.
 Stupid cat!
 Quagmire and I'll help you bring this guy to justice!
 through clenched teeth Peter, what'd I say about you volunteering me for shit?
 Do me, Peter. Do me right in the basement.
 I'm gonna get our old mom back! Brian, keys! Chris, beer! Meg, UG-LAAAAAY!
 In my office! Now!
 How're you girls doin' on popcorn?
 Here ya go. tilts popcorn containter towards girl with his crotch.
 Meg, Kent's here!
 Just putting on my lipstick! shaves, cuts Dammit!
 Rupert, did you hear that? Meg's boyfriend is in love with me. Not that I care, I mean, it won't matter once I explain to him what's going on with us. But what would I tell him is going on with us?
 Dear God, I have a shoe appointment in the morning and I want to be fresh!
 Oh, I wouldn't worry about it, Bonnie. I've put Stewie in the oven a buncha times. As long as you come to your senses in 15 minutes, everything's fine.
 Lois, can I go slip'n'slide in the yard?
 Has it been half an hour since you've eaten?
 Yes, almost.
 Okay, I just wanna be sure you don't get a cramp.
 Yay, poor people water fun!
 So you guys are goin' to Bethlehem, huh? I went there one time on a donkey's night out. Oh my God; I got sooo hammered!
 trying to have sex with Mary/Lois I can't believe how hard you're making me work.
 Okay, I think I got it. How's this?... in Consuela's accent No, no, no.
 Hey, what's that in there?
 Aw cool! Hey, c'mon, Brian. Try it with me. both enter. Guide closes the door; both scream and exit with heads in each other's bodies
 Things got crazy so fast!!
 We were talkin' about Meg. We-we call her Chris so she doesn't know.
 off-camera Fuck you!
 Shut up, Chris!
 A week ago, we call him stupid and now he's given tours at a space shuttle. Negative reinforcement, that's the key. kicks Stewie Right, stupid?
 Ow! I'll do better!
 Everyone, strap yourselves in! Stewie, hold my hand!
 No, thank you. I prefer to die giving you the finger. Stewie does so
 If this is what it takes to get out of Florida, fine.
 touring the shuttle with Chris So do you know how all this stuff works?
 Well, I don't know what most of these buttons do, but I know this big red one is the one you press to launch.
 Ooo! Big red button!
 as they are being blasted off You know what? You only live once. I am sticking my head out the window. he does YES! THIS IS THE BEST PART OF WHATEVER'S SO ENJOYABLE ABOUT THIS!
 What are you doing?
 Saving our lives.
 I wish he hadn't said that. Now I'm kinda rooting against him.
 What the fuck are you talking about? The play I wrote, have you seen it?
 You tried to destroy it, didn't you? I knew my play was good, just like I knew your play was a mediocre patchwork of hackneyed ideas and tired cliches. You have no idea how hard it was to sit in that theater with all those braying hyenas. Couldn't you tell something was up when Chris and the fat man could follow the plot? I mean, it took Peter a year to figure out "Stuart Little".
 I just figured it out. "Stuart" means mouse.
 No, Peter.
 "Little" means mouse?
 No, Peter.
 I feel so old and in the way.
 It's still a good play!
 It's filled with terrible double entendres, puns and stolen bits. There's a line in there from "Seinfeld".
 I never saw that episode.
 I have a voice. You understand that? A writer needs a voice and I have one. You don't. Your play panders to the lowest common denominator, Brian. And it doesn't even do that well!
 Where will you two be fucking going on your scummymoon? And can I plan your bridal golden shower?
 Your new wife is a human toilet.
 Welcome to our home, Charmisse. Sit on my lips you like. That chair with the garbage bag taped over it looks pretty good.
 Meg, you look good next to her.
 I need you to have sex with me while she watches.
 I have some demands.
 What the fuck is going on with my life?!
 Oh my God. Stewie, what happened?
 (Furiously) NONE OF YOUR FUCKING BUSINESS WHAT HAPPENED!
 (Angrily) Geez, you kissed your mother with that mouth? (Stewie throws up again while Brian recoils)
 Peter, are you ready for your Valentine's gift?
 No, but I'm ready for therapy.
 after sex I thought we could get some breakfast.
 Clearly, you're not familiar with how this works.
 I'm not really tired yet.
 That was a fun birthday party, huh, Stewie?
 That kid was Indian and eleven years old. Where are you finding my friends?
 It's like our privates were shaking hands after a successful business meeting in a swamp.
 Can I interest you guys in a two-and-a-quarter way?
 I wasn't gonna.
 Impatiently I said I wasn't!
 Joe, you telling me not to has no effect on me whatsoever. I will not get married.
 Impatiently Yeah that's what I said... I wouldn't do it!
 Angrily J-Joe, you realize what you're telling me not to do, I already am not doing! I know I should never meet one of those sex operators ever!
 Thanks for the lift, Gil. I think I'll take the express down.
 Hello?
 Is dinner almost ready?
 Yes, Peter. God, where are you? I can barely hear you.
 Pull back my chair ever so slightly.
 Ahh, Daddy's home.
 I just don't think he could have done it. Guilty!
 Oh, guilty is the other one? exasperated Well, I don't know.
 Peter, how long do we have to sit here?
 Until I'm not angry anymore, you naked buncha bitches!
 I switched seats.
 Enough!... was a movie with Jennifer Lopez that did not live to expectations.
 And now to take my position. This is what I call the butterpat.
 There's a maniac out there! He's cutting people's power off, breaking into their homes and slitting their throats! the lights suddenly go out ...And we're dead.
 What the hell kind of dog is that?
 Lift up the shades, there's a man on the wing! Joe lifts up the shades I'm the man on the wing.
 I don't know if I can pull out of this, Giggity.
 weakly You... look... fat.
 sighs I'm bored.
 Peter, you made me crash the damn plane!
 Okay, I know you're a pilot and everything, but not everyone likes to talk about planes as much as you, Quagmire.
 in a deep voice I even won a deep voice contest with Joe.
 I made myself heard.
 I've come from where I've been.
 Fletcher met the long arm of the law at the wrong end of a shotgun in the deep end of a grave at the far end of a dead end road.
 Look, Lois! I have my friends and you have groceries and all those rusty pink razors in the shower. Now just stick to what's intended for you and leave my things to me.
 Hey, Horace, get that wiener outta your hand and give us 3 more beers over here.
 Hey, Horace, why don't ya take that wiener outta your hand and give me a beer!
 Hey, Meg. Who's your date? He looks like a real stiff.
 There's only one drinking spot for us and it's the Clam.
 But Peter, it's closed. We can't go in there.
 Quagmire, when a girl says she doesn't want to have sex with you, do you take that as an answer?
 My lawyer has advised me not to answer that question.
 puts make up on corpse Wow, that really works. Hm, maybe I'll try that on myself.
 Oh, eh... You have what we call a "closed-casket-face".
 to Peter I forgot you don't even know your ass from a hole in the ground.
 Is that my ass?
 You guys. I think this is a meth lab.
 Oh my god. You mean like as in D-R-U-G-S? Aren't those I-L-L-E-G-A-L?
 What's going on? What are you guys talking about?
 Uh oh, someone's getting cranky. picks up Stewie I think he needs an N-A-P.
 What's happening? Where are you taking me? Man, I got to crack this code.
 Oh my God, Stewie. It worked! We're in Vegas.
 Yeahhh, alright! So let's hit the hospital, get checked out for teleportation cancer and then part-tyyyy!
 Well... this is it.
 I guess so.
 Count to three?
 Yep.
 jumps off the balcony but Stewie doesn't 3!
 holds onto the railing I'm sorry, I can't, I want to live! I didn't really think we were gonna do it!
 falls to his death YOU DICK!
 Oh, my God, Brian! Brian, no! Good Lord, what have I done?! tries to run out of the room I better get the hell out of here! trips over his backpack and finds the money the other pair had won What the deuce? Where did this come from? slides the money tops Well, looks like Archibald Meatpants is gonna have a fun night.
 Oh my god! This place is a dump!
 looking at a leaflet Let's not be so quick to judge. Says here there's a continental breakfast. Oh, the continent is Africa.
 Stewie, this place is a complete pit! Don't ya think it's weird we have to keep checking in every 20 minutes?
 continues reading Also, the porn's free, but we have to watch it from the lobby.
 to Lois I want you on my team for everything... except for sports.
 Ah! Friendly fire!
 We're supposed to dig this kid up. Any volunteers?
 Why are your nipples poking into me?!
 Sorry! That happens when I'm cold.
 But why are there 3 of them?!
 There aren't! Two of them are moles.
 Those numbers still don't add up!
 Oh, look who's back; the grave robber.
 Hey, Lois.
 So, what happened? You find your treasure?
 No, I realised something after you left; It's not the treasure that matters. All that really matters is the money you get in exchange for the treasure. I guess I had to learn that the hard way.
 glumly Welp, now we know. I can taste what he eats.
 Remind me again. Chip is that African kid you adopted?
 No that's Chocolate Chip. We gave him back to Kenya.
 That's my word.
 Oh, he's eating. shouts at the door We'll come back when you're done eating!
 Well, sometimes Quagmire likes to hang out under all the clutter in my garage, so why don't we just start sorting stuff and throwing stuff away, but obviously checking with me first before you throw stuff away.
 He's going to kill me! I can already picture my funeral!
 Thanks, didn't want to pay for the hole.
 Chris, you have my back, right?
 I don't know. lifts up his shirt and sees his back covered with bacne Yeah.
 Uh, yeah, that's me.
 sees something terrible in the package, it's revealed to be Peter's own penis he cut off Aah! Oh God!
 laughs What's in the box, Brian? I got you good! Blood is coming out and comes to Peter's pants I don't feel right. I want it back. Collapses
 You gonna put your clothes on?
 Yes, yes, I swear.
 You gonna keep 'em on?
 Yes, I promise. I'll never bother you again with my body. Please, just make this stop!
 Good.
 Dad, can you give me a ride to the-- screams What is that thing?! Make it go away! claws his eyes out
 What's going on in here? seeing that Brian has shaved off all his fur Oh my god, is that a fuckin' rat?! Peter, hold it down, I'm gettin' the gun!
 Oh, I did that on the Italian "Shut-up-a-You-Facebook."
 Last night was the best sex I ever had.
 Me too. We haven't done it like that since we were engaged, but allowed to sleep with other people.
 What are you talking about?
 Kids, I've got an announcement...
 sitting near the hem of Peter's robe on the floor He's wearing a rubber.
 We're staying in Italy. We're Italian now.
 What?!
 Are you kidding?
 Well, if we're going to be Italian, I guess we should start murdering our brothers.
 What are you... starts to choke and struggle
 in an Italian-accented whisper You break-a my heart, Chris. You break-a my heart.
 There. Now I said it. So shut your mouth.
 sees a car heading towards Brian Brian, look out! the car runs over Brian, breaking the hockey stick, and the toy net Aah, Brian! runs to him
 runs out of the house with Peter, Chris, and Meg and saw Brian hurt Oh, my God! runs to him Brian! Brian, can you hear me?!
 Holy crap, what the hell happened?!
 Aren't you supposed to be running around?
 Damn it, Brian, you can't die! We were gonna do so many things together! We were gonna become windsurfers! I was gonna be a little better than you, but we were both gonna be good!
 You guys, I think- I think Brian's trying to say something.
 last words You... You've given me a wonderful life... I love you all. smiles gently before quietly passing away
 voice breaking Oh, my God, he's...
 voice breaking Yes, Chris... I'm afraid... I'm afraid that our Brian is dead! sobs
 meditating I can be Giggity. I can be Goo.
 Meg, could you zip up your fly? That's kind of wafting over here.
 So did you get a lot of trim on the road?
 nodding Chris, that's wildly inappropriate.
 Quagmire? I thought you were still out on the road!
 I was, but what was Simon without Garfunkel?
 Wildly successful?
 It's Stewie's first Christmas!
 Again?
 Who the hell is Georgette?
 Hey, who are you talking to out here?
 A pretty awesome guy.
 Wow, Stewie, thank you for saving my life! Y'know, a whole lot of other families would've just gotten another dog and moved on.
 Oh, oh, w... we could, we could never do something like that, Brian! starts to fade away
 Stewie, wh-what's happening to you?
 looks at himself I think... my timeline has been erased! The timeline where you died no longer exists! Merry Christmas, Brian. finally fades away
 Thanks for everything, Stewie. You're my best friend, and I love you.
 All I can say, Brian, is you've been making really creepy eye contact with me all morning, and I want it to stop right now.
 comes from the future and sees Brian on the street. He sees the car heading right for him and runs to him Brian, look out! pushes him out of the way, letting the hockey stick and toy net to get broken by the car
 What the hell?!
 You're alive, my friend! hugs him
 What? Of course, l'm alive. What the hell's going on here?
 Brian, points at the car that car killed you, and when it did, a little part of me died as well. I couldn't live without you, so I came back from the future to save your life.
 Wait a minute. What are you talking about? I saw you destroy your time machine.
 Yes, but luckily, I ran into another me from the past, so I stole his return pad and came back here. Oh, that reminds me. I better send this back to where it came from.
 You know you've made it when you've got a teenage boss.
 My hog cannot partake in the slop this evening.
 Oh, Peter, you're up.
 That's not what I heard.
 This shouldn't embarrass you, the size should embarrass you.
 Jack and the Beanstalk. And that title could be a fairy tale or a porn. Let's find out.
 Where'd that thing come from? It's blocking my view of Little Miss Muffet's truffet.
 You know, I'm not sure if that's our hero, or just a lunatic going house-to-house murdering people.
 to Peter You can't even walk and chew gum at the same time!
 Come on!
 I'm doin' somethin'. chews One thing at a time!
 DAMN IT, PETER, THAT'S IT! I AM DONE! I'M DONE WITH YOU! I'M DONE WITH ALL YOUR CRAP, I NEVER WANT TO SPEAK TO YOU AGAIN! THIS FRIENDSHIP IS OVER! leaves
 Well fine! I don't need your friendship anyway.
 Now this is a gun without a safety.
 Quite the difference, huh?
 DAMN IT, PETER, YOU SON OF A BITCH, YOU SHOT ME!
 All right, Quagmire, I have given this a lot of thought. I need you to shoot me in the arm and we can be friends again.
 Okay.
 after realizing what he just told Quagmire Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! No, no, I was supposed to offer, and then you were supposed to say, "No, Peter, I'm not gonna shoot you, although I do appreciate the gesture."
 Hand me the gun, Peter.
 I, uh, pass the test?
 No, Peter. I'm gonna shoot you like a dirty animal.
 under his breath You do everything gross.
 Uh, maybe. Maybe Friday. Uh, now where are the gays?
 No, no, no. The really cartoony gays.
 There you are, we're gonna need you guys all week.
 Hey, Death. What are you doing here?
 Ah, come on, man. I'm on vacation.
 And you still won't give us an Emmy?! Come on!! If Modern Family did that joke, you'd be carryin' 'em around on your shoulders!!
 Hey, Dad, are you busy? I was thinking we could spend some time together.
 Okay, are you a television set of the Internet?
 No.
 Oh, then no.
 Yes. Keep being good, and all the eggshells and coffee grounds will be yours.
 You've overstepped! No Christmas!
 Let me show you something...
 No, that was just in your mind!
 No, you can do it basically whenever you're not doing something else.
 That was a stroller, not a speedbump.
 What if I said "Hey there, shorty!"?
 I'd say "Have another donut, you albino gorilla."
 Don't flatter yourself, that was from this morning.
 Huh, it says "Glenn Quagmire". But if you squint and imagine it says "Peter Griffin", it says "Peter Griffin".
 Peter, it's Quagmire's. Take it next door.
 Now, now, hold on, Lois. Now, this poses a very difficult ethical dilemma. Do I deliver the package to its rightful owner? Or do I open it up and see if it contains He-Mans?
 Do not open that box!
 You shall battle to the death, or the winner will be given his freedom! Why are you looking at me like that?
 Peter, would you like a glass of-- sees a decapitated Peter with a bloodied neck OH MY GOD! I TOLD YOU NOT TO PLAY GOD WITH THOSE ANTS!
 Hey, what happened to my new friend...that kid who sort of looks like me from behind?
 How were all your business trips?
 Oh, exemplary, Chris.
 I don't understand what either of those words mean.
 One of them was "Chris."
 Shall we away for "relations"?
 I'm not sure what you're saying, but let's hump!
 What's wrong with you, Peter?!
 Lois, I'm sorry.
 How the hell can you possibly mistake another baby for Stewie?!
 Now, calm down, Lois. You're gonna say something you don't mean.
 Oh, no, I'm not! You're an idiot!
 Hurt You don't mean that.
 Stewie looks Facebook on the phone I already got a Facebook friend request from the dad. Is that weird?
 Peter, I have put up with your nonsense for 20 years, but today you crossed the line! You let the helpless baby in the public park. And that's only an idiot would do!
 I'm not an idiot!
 Awesome!
 to a passing waiter Kill that one.
 Holy crap! I'm so much faster on all fours!
 That is a tough, tough place to get into. That is tough. But once you're in there, you'll be surprised how much you like it.
 The rules of this city are very unclear.
 You never got to pursue your dream. No wonder you hate me.
 I don't hate ya, Meg. You're my kid.
 Dad I'm sorry to tell you this but I can't go with you.
 Are you sure?
 I just got off the phone with Green Mountain College and they said they'll let me reschedule my interview so I'm going to drive back up there it's time for me to get serious about my life and start taking some responsibility.
 Wassup?! The Cleveland Show theme music plays as Cleveland approaches the guys
 normally Oh, hey, Cleveland!
 Wait, don't you have a show to do...chuckles Oh wait, that's right!
 Alright, I knew this was comin', everybody gimme your best shot.
 Oh, my G... Where do I even begin? Y'know, it's not a good sign that this is the first time a lot of people are realizing you had a show!
 We did about the same as Bob's Burgers.
 That's your bar?! Oh, shame on you!
 This is good. This is constructive.
 The talking bear was so bad, Seth MacFarlane quit voicing him after Season 2.
 It's hard to make a talkin' bear funny.
 laughs It worked out okay in movie form.
 Anything else?
 Yeah, here's four seasons worth of DVDs of what we've been up to. Y'know, just so you're back up to speed. And I'll warn ya ahead of time, these have jokes in 'em.
 I...I don't have a DVD player.
 Hey, Lois, look, I'm smoking! You can't control dick! I'm a roof baby now!
 She is camel-toeing the hell out of that leotard.
 Unga-Bunga! Unga-Bunga! Unga-Bunga!
 What is that? What's happening?
 carrying mattresses Unga-Bunga! Unga-Bunga! Unga-Bunga!
 Peter, what are you doing?
 Playing "Unga-Bunga". It's the championship.
 Go away! This is why Zillow estimates our house at $4.00.
 What the hell is "Unga-Bunga"?
 Two guys running at each other with mattresses and, um, and that's kind of it.
 Stop explaining it to the dog, let's do this!
 Stop it! I'm trying to watch my program!
 Oh, Chris, look! Mom's naked!
 Where?
 smacking Chris with his mattress You creep. Chris crashes into and breaks the TV
 (gasps) No!
 Peter, what's going on in...
 smacking Lois with his mattress Unga-Bunga!
 You imbeciles! you've ruined my night! I asked you to do one thing in this house!
 Stewie, just watch your show upstairs.
 I don't want to watch it upstairs on the small TV, I want to watch it downstairs on the big TV! his face turns red as he starts crying I WANT TO WATCH MY SHOW! (crying)
 Oh no, Stewie's havin' a tantrum. Come here, sweetie.
 OW! Screw you, you little turd!
 enters the living room What's all that noise? sees Stewie upset Aw, do you want a hug from your big sister? picks Stewie up and is headbutted OW!
 You've earned yourself a time-out, young man. Now, you stay in here until you can behave. she closed the door
 I HATE YOU! You always ruin everything! God, it's a family of idiots! I wish...I wish I was never born! he sees Rupert wearing a fire helmet Not tonight, Rupert. I'm much too upset.
 Toast house!
 Oh my god, Peter. What happened to your hair?!
 I don't know. I'm bald! You did this! What the hell's the matter with you!?
 I didn't do it. but you look really cool.
 I do?
 Yeah, you look like you could be a celebrity.
 Lois, what the hell did you do? I just got a note from Goodwill thanking me for donating all my porn.
 WHAT?! I'm sick and tired of you blaming me for things I didn't do! And I've got a bone to pick with you! I don't appreciate how you spray-painted "vile woman" on the bedroom wall.
 That wasn't me! Must've been one of the kids!
 That's ridiculous, Peter! Chris can't write, and we don't allow Meg upstairs!
 Well, you know something, I'm starting to think whoever wrote that is right!
 Well, maybe I don't want to live with someone who doesn't respect me!
 Well then, maybe I should just leave!
 And where are you gonna go?! You got nothing else and nobody else!!
 And now for the closer.
 What?!
 Those are so his mannerisms. laughs
 Glenn Quagmire, YOURE DEAD!!
 Youre eatin somethin!
 And I enjoyed shootin Skeet.
 Theres nothin good about what you do or who you are.
 Meg is my least favorite of all your children!
 I'm that kind of drunk.
 What's all the commotion?
 Yeah, I'm afraid I might- Cleveland falls off the mountain, then Spider-Man arrives, and shoots a web under Cleveland, breaking his fall Wow. Thanks, Spider-Man!
 That thing don't bite, do it?
 Hey, Death. What are you doing here?
 Ah, come on, man. I'm on vacation.
 Wassup?! The Cleveland Show theme music plays as Cleveland approaches the guys
 Alright, I knew this was comin', everybody gimme your best shot.
 We did about the same as Bob's Burgers.
 This is good. This is constructive.
 It's hard to make a talkin' bear funny.
 Anything else?
 I...I don't have a DVD player.
